Document scoped customElementRegistry and related properties (#43149)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmltemplateelement/shadowrootcustomelementregistry/index.md

---
title: "HTMLTemplateElement: shadowRootCustomElementRegistry property"
short-title: shadowRootCustomElementRegistry
slug: Web/API/HTMLTemplateElement/shadowRootCustomElementRegistry
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLTemplateElement.shadowRootCustomElementRegistry
---

{{APIRef("Web Components")}}

The **`shadowRootCustomElementRegistry`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLTemplateElement")}} interface reflects the value of the `shadowrootcustomelementregistry` attribute of the associated [`<template>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/template) element.

> Note that this property is not useful for developers. If a `<template>` element is used to declaratively create a [`ShadowRoot`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ShadowRoot), then this object and property do not exist. Otherwise, if an `HTMLTemplateElement` is created, the value of this property is irrelevant because the object is not a shadow root and cannot subsequently be changed to a shadow root.

Reviewer: I wonder if perhaps this should be even more prominent? Something like

```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> This property is not useful for developers, and is only documented for completeness.
> If a `<template>` element is used to declaratively create a [`ShadowRoot`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ShadowRoot), then this object and property do not exist.
> Otherwise, if an `HTMLTemplateElement` is created, the value of this property is irrelevant because the object is not a shadow root and cannot subsequently be changed to a shadow root.
```
